# Http.HttpStatusCode Enumeration
 _**\[This is preliminary documentation and is subject to change.\]**_

Contains the values of status codes defined for HTTP.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="N_Eclo_NetMF_SIM800H">Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H (in Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.dll) Version: 1.1.54.0 (1.1.54.0)

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public enum HttpStatusCode
```


## Members
&nbsp;<table><tr><th></th><th>Member name</th><th>Value</th><th>Description</th></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Continue">**Continue**</td><td>100</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 100. Indicates that the client can continue with its request.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.OK">**OK**</td><td>200</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 200. Indicates that the request succeeded and that the requested information is in the response. This is the most common status code to receive.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Created">**Created**</td><td>201</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 201. Indicates that the request resulted in a new resource created before the response was sent.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Accepted">**Accepted**</td><td>202</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 202. Indicates that the request has been accepted for further processing.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.NoContent">**NoContent**</td><td>204</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 204. Indicates that the request has been successfully processed and that the response is intentionally blank.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.PartialContent">**PartialContent**</td><td>206</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 206. Indicates that the response is a partial response as requested by a GET request that includes a byte range.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.MovedPermanently">**MovedPermanently**</td><td>301</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 301. Indicates that the requested information has been moved to the URI specified in the Location header. The default action when this status is received is to follow the Location header associated with the response. 
MovedPermanently is a synonym for Moved.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Moved">**Moved**</td><td>301</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 301. Indicates that the requested information has been moved to the URI specified in the Location header. The default action when this status is received is to follow the Location header associated with the response. When the original request method was POST, the redirected request will use the GET method. 
Moved is a synonym for MovedPermanently.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Redirect">**Redirect**</td><td>302</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 302. Indicates that the requested information is located at the URI specified in the Location header. The default action when this status is received is to follow the Location header associated with the response. When the original request method was POST, the redirected request will use the GET method. 
If the [!:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.AllowAutoRedirect] property is false, Redirect will cause an exception to be thrown.

Redirect is a synonym for Found.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.NotModified">**NotModified**</td><td>304</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 304. Indicates that the client's cached copy is up-to-date. The contents of the resource are not transferred.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.TemporaryRedirect">**TemporaryRedirect**</td><td>307</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 307. Indicates that the request information is located at the URI specified in the Location header. The default action when this status is received is to follow the Location header associated with the response. When the original request method was POST, the redirected request will also use the POST method. 
If the [!:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.AllowAutoRedirect] property is false, TemporaryRedirect will cause an exception to be thrown.

TemporaryRedirect is a synonym for RedirectKeepVerb.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.BadRequest">**BadRequest**</td><td>400</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 400. Indicates that the request could not be understood by the server. BadRequest is sent when no other error is applicable, or if the exact error is unknown or does not have its own error code.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Unauthorized">**Unauthorized**</td><td>401</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 401. Indicates that the requested resource requires authentication. The WWW-Authenticate header contains the details of how to perform the authentication.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.Forbidden">**Forbidden**</td><td>403</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 403. Indicates that the server refuses to fulfill the request.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.NotFound">**NotFound**</td><td>404</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 404. Indicates that the requested resource does not exist on the server.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.MethodNotAllowed">**MethodNotAllowed**</td><td>405</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 405. Indicates that the request method (POST or GET) is not allowed on the requested resource.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.NotAcceptable">**NotAcceptable**</td><td>406</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 406. Indicates that the client has indicated with Accept headers that it will not accept any of the available representations of the resource.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.RequestTimeout">**RequestTimeout**</td><td>408</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 408. Indicates that the client did not send a request within the time the server was expecting the request.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.PreconditionFailed">**PreconditionFailed**</td><td>412</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 412. Indicates that a condition set for this request failed, and the request cannot be carried out. Conditions are set with conditional request headers like If-Match, If-None-Match, or If-Unmodified-Since.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.RequestEntityTooLarge">**RequestEntityTooLarge**</td><td>413</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 413. Indicates that the request is too large for the server to process.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.RequestUriTooLong">**RequestUriTooLong**</td><td>414</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 414. Indicates that the URI is too long.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.UnsupportedMediaType">**UnsupportedMediaType**</td><td>415</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 415. Indicates that the request is an unsupported type.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.InternalServerError">**InternalServerError**</td><td>500</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 500. Indicates that a generic error has occurred on the server.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.NotImplemented">**NotImplemented**</td><td>501</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 501. Indicates that the server does not support the requested function.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.ServiceUnavailable">**ServiceUnavailable**</td><td>503</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 503. Indicates that the server is temporarily unavailable, usually due to high load or maintenance.</td></tr><tr><td /><td target="F:Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H.Http.HttpStatusCode.HttpVersionNotSupported">**HttpVersionNotSupported**</td><td>505</td><td>Equivalent to HTTP status 505. Indicates that the requested HTTP version is not supported by the server.</td></tr></table>

## Remarks
<p>Status codes indicate categories, as follows:</p><p>1xx -- Informational.</p><p>2xx -- Successful.</p><p>3xx -- Redirection.</p><p>4xx -- Client Error.</p><p>5xx -- Server Error.</p>

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="N_Eclo_NetMF_SIM800H">Eclo.NetMF.SIM800H Namespace</a><br />